It is newly developed, and that means what? According to the teaching, this universe, it developed
many a thousand years ago. It will last 20 years, this world where we are, where we are, it will
last 20 years.
Then it will process of the decline or the demolishing that will take 20 years. The end of that
demolishing, it will be completely distorted by the fire, water, wind.
It is completely distorted, and then it is spread as a sky. According to the teaching, it will sit
in space, like empty spaces, another 20 years.
Then again, it starts forming, this spot here. It will take gradually, forming not immediately. It
process of the forming perfectly connected to livable of the human base or centimeter, it will take
20 years to process.
So altogether according to the teaching, idioms will complete the circle, birth, in a way, our life
, if you will say, our life, birth, existing, death, and then absence, and then again rebirth.
So that means birth, living, death, part of, and a living. Similarly, this earth will do according
to the teaching.
So even it is crumbling, even it is like a demonic, all this happens suddenly then, those people,
those individuals who are the realization of the true nature, of the ordinary nature, that person
don't have any faith.
F-E-A-R, faith, no faith, because their confidence, realization is so strong.
And the Doki teaching actually says, when you practice meditation, Doki teaching, very beautifully,
when you develop, there is poor confidence, I'm sure many of you know those, really poor confidence
.
You have no faith if somebody said, oh, you see, you're going to fail down on the hellerens, no
faith.
And when you see, see, hundreds of total of the Buddhas not excited, or they're excited, you're not
really hoping to be higher in birth or anything.
Why? Because this individual, see, everything is a dharmakaya status, everything is sambakaya
status, everything is a dharmakaya status.
What that change, anything kind of will extend and display a period.
Even that display itself is a display of the primordial wisdom.
So, for that reason, there is no faith. Faith.
And then since their realization of this, this unattached to the five octocensorial places, also
not criving of the five sensorial objects, not criving.
So, that means completely beyond the house expectations. Five sensorial pleasure object, pleasure
object, eye, eye pleasure object.
And ear pleasure object, nose pleasure object, and tongue pleasure object, body pleasure object.
Pleasure object, but when you have that craving for pleasure object, then you have right at next
door.
Then also fears, I don't want, I don't like this, I don't like to see bad things, I don't like to
hear bad things,
I don't like to do unbelievable things, taste it, smell it, all touch it, all those things.
There is a big, unwell extraction right and left, the attitude of the extremes in the mind.
When you have this realization, there is none of that.
Everything is become as dharmakai, as sambokai, tatikai, at this place.
For those reasons, the fearless yogis in the Dokitis, the fearless yogis,
who has no partiality, discrimination of the perception of the yogis or yoginis,
precisely where they see, where they think, they don't make any kind of like, any big deals.
Big deals, for those reasons, what is in the teaching of the direction teacher,
the Buddha Chagamun is teaching, when I teach, those realization with God,
you have no, you don't see any difference between gold and gold-looking stone.
In the debate, they call it uma.
Gold-looking, looks like gold, doesn't have any difference, really.
All is in the enlightened states.
There is often a story that, when you offer the uma sambok,
the gold by the 20 messengers, the kings and messengers, they bought gold offerings.
When they offer the gold, immediately the uma sambok threw away those in the sky.
The sky has offerings, and all the messengers feel so bad.
Although it's really pretty, the gold, the uma sambok threw away,
they kind of felt that in their heart and mind.
Immediately the uma sambok read their mind and asked to hold their towers,
when it's really true, I love it, towers, aprons, aprons,
and they filled with stones and all those on the road, whatever,
and filled, asked to close that, your time, and then they asked to open it.
When you open it, all those become the gold.
Gold and gold borders.
So that's the way, the reality in nature, there's no restrictions.
They can change things.
There's so openness, so flexible, so kind of energetic as a permanent system,
it's just really vibrating, according to the teaching.
Only duality mind is blocking.
And modern time scientists, they are exploring those some flexible qualities.
That's what so many wonders of the modern science is developed,
because that is actually Buddhism.
It's reality, it's everything possible.
There's so many potentials, so many flexibles, no restrictions.
Restrictions is the duality creations.
So therefore, here, next one is also said sub-arising.
Sub-arising even is free of the discourse of thoughts,
and solid form, and as well as pipelines.
That is all explaining, call it of this pristine cognition
of the ordinary nature, nature, nature of our own awareness and mind.
Now, when you've got that realisation, then the display coming,
this is the following according to the great Master Kigipati Sharamud,
the highlight point, this is all following the display.
What display?
When you get the realisation of the Buddha-hood series,
that all environment is enlightened.
Please enlighten.
Everyone is enlightened.
Why? Because it is versatile.
Promote your wisdom.
Everything is the premote your wisdom.
For that reason, what is it?
Everything is formation of the guys and the wisdom.
Everything in that display.
So here, say, when this is nirukvah,
you sit down.
How, for example, Buddha summoned the Buddha.
See everything.
This is what it is.
Because Buddha summoned the Buddha, how rich enlightenment?
It is Buddha, false Buddha.
So every environment is enlightened status.
Everything.
So since radiating clarity, evenness increases.
Or increasing it, since it is not really blocked.
Radiating is not blocked.
Because this nirukvah is unblockable,
unstoppable.
Our own awareness.
And the conversant is true.
And therefore, then it is now that energy,
that quality is the beginning to reflect.
Reflecting, those are.
Then it is a single source, which promotes your wisdom,
or the ordinary nirukvah.
And the five four Muslims.
And the Muslims arise, reflect it.
And those five Muslims, I mean,
is actually saying that too.
But the Muslims are the Darmadatta Muslims,
Maryland Muslims.
I mean many of you already know those names.
You all know the names.
Darmadatta Muslims, Maryland Muslims,
equanimity Muslims, discrimination,
evenness Muslims.
And all accomplishing Muslims.
Those are the five Muslims.
These five Muslims, again,
you say the kind of wisdom, you say that
when we think of this wisdom.
But wisdom is completely united with the compassion
and kindness and loving kindness.
That is inseparable.
So it's not just a bright light.
Light or bright or something.
It is bright, but it is love and compassion.
Immeasurable compassion.
Immeasurable love.
That is the power of the rukvah.
Rukvah is love.
Rukvah is compassion.
Rukvah is wisdom.
Rukvah is terikaya, dharmakaya, sambokaya, namakaya.
These energies, these emanations
are also in that state.
Love, kindness, compassion.
Therefore, when zoki practitioners,
as always the teachers,
as much as you got the realization of zoki,
that much the compassion and thoughtful mindfulness,
common sense are really developing.
It comes together.
Not just all developing the realization
and the common sense is completely behind some of our participants.
All comes.
I want baggage.
Become the beauty of beings.
Beauty of person.
Humble, simple, really beautiful.
You become the beacon of the beings.
Light that you can be.
Exemplatory for the other beings.
So that we all inherit that same qualities.
Holidays.
So that Muslims.
And if that Muslims, we explain it.